L0 Journal nf the National Finch aud Safihill Sucict:

close band your birds.

¢ AFA (602) 484-0931 http://www.afa.birds org/store/bands. htm

¢ Avicultural Advancement Council of Canada http://www.aacc.com

If members know of other sources that can be listed please contact the FSS
Director.

Tier Three and Beyond:

The Finch and Softbill Save Committee is currently working on incorporating
a Tier Three for the Finch and Softbill Save Program. Tier Three will be
geared towards those hobbyists who will adhere to strict record keeping,
the required use of specific breeding management software and the re-
quired trading of bloodlines on a yearly basis. This level of the program is
intended for individuals who may be looking to apply for a cooperative
breeding program permit from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, or the
Canadian Wildlife Service and for those individuals who are very serious
about establishing a genetically viable captive bred population of bird spe-
cies. More information on Tier Three will be provided at a later date.

Breeder Recognition and Breeder of the Year Awards:

The 2002 Finch and Softbill Save program will incorporate recognition
awards for its participants. Group Managers and the Finch and Softbill Save
Committee will assist the FSS Director in choosing worthy participants to
award Breeder Recognition awards on a yearly basis. The NFSS Board of
Directors will choose a participant to award the Breeder of the Year award
with input provided by the F5S committee. To be eligible for such an award
you must be able to demonstrate breeding success with your registered
specie(s) and have completed ail FSS required quarterly reports. More de-
tails on eligibility will be forthcoming. Many have worked hard at establish-
ing species in aviculture and, will be honored for doing so.

Membership Fee:

In order to incorporate a newsletter, and breeder recognition and breeder
of the year awards we must have funds. Presently, the NFSS is not in a
position financially to fund these program changes. Awhile back a survey
was generated to test the waters and the vast majority of individuals had
no problem with paying a membership fee to participate in the Finch and
Softbill Save program provided the ideas presented were incorporated into
the program and that the membership fee paid was used solely for the pro-
gram. We have chosen through the help of tbe survey, to set the cost for
participation in the program at $15 yearly. All Finch and Softbill Save par-
ticipants must pay a $15 yearly membership fee and remain NFSS mem-
bers in good standing. Failure to renew your NFSS membership will result
in your expulsion from the Finch and Softbill Save Program, The member-
ship fee will be mailed in with your FSS application to the FSS Director,
made payable to NFSS.

NESS Finch and Softhill Save Progeum fufornauion
