May‘June, 2002 it

Quarterly Reports:

Quarterly reports will be required of all Finch and Softbill Save participants
regardless of which Tier(s) they are registered in. A form will be mailed to
you via regular mai! or sent electronically if so desired for you to complete.
All forms must be completed and returned to the FSS Director within 45
days. Individuals who do not submit a quarterly report will receive one
reminder to do so. A second missed quarterly report will result in your ex-
pulsion from the program.

The whole premise behind the Finch and Softbill Save Program is to estab-
fish captive bred popolations of bird species in the US and Canada. It is
through the information contained in the quarterly reports that we will be
able to put together Species Profiles on the birds registered in the program,
be able to track the population increase in registered species, and keep
track of the diverse bicodiines. The information about how you successfully
bred your birds will be very useful to others who are also trying to be suc-
cessful.

The Finch and Softbill Save Newsletter:

The Finch and Softbill Save newsletter will be published on a quarterly ba-

sis. Only FSS members will receive this newsletter. Occasionally, we may
publish excerpts of the newsletter in the NFSS Bulletin, on our website or
give out hard copies at functions in order to introduce fellow hobbyists to
the program and solicit them to join. In the past, many have conveyed
they have seen no “perk" associated with registering with FinchSave. We
intend to change that. The quarterly newsletter focusing on Finch and Soft-
bill Save species, our participants, and other information pertinent to the
program and our hobby will be included. It will be mailed via regular mail
or electronic copies can be sent for those who choose this option.

Security Feature:

All participants will be given a unique identification number upon registering
with Finch and Softbill Save. No personal information will be published in
any NFSS publication or on our website without permission of the partici-
pant. Many individuals have conveyed to me their concerns with poblishing
their persona! information for security and/or other reasons. Participants
will now have the option of publishing only their identification number. An
example below:

Species: Goldbreasted waxbill
Participants: Name Location Contact info
MarySmith DesMoines, IA marysmith@aol.com
3313FS452 {contact FinchSave Director)
4434-FS231 (contact FinchSave Director)

We know everyone is already thinking, what if I am interested in contacting
#3313FS452 about acquiring some Goldbreasted Waxbills? Here is how the
procedure will work. Tom Black is interested in reaching FSS member

NESS Finch and Softhill Save Program iiforunation
