May June, 2002

Contents

NFSS President's Message-Sally Huntington
From the Editor-Martie Lauster

NFSS Finch & Softbill Save Program Guidelines-Keri McCoy
NFSS Finch & Softbill Save Application Form ~~ vresocusnevansscannnnesnaces |B
Bird Fever or My Aviary-Paula Hansen ors
Breeding the Mali or Kulikoro Firefinch-ian Hinze

News from the NFSS 4th Vice President-Martha ra Wigmore
4th Quarter, 2001 Board Meeting Minutes --

NFSS Board of Directors/Appointed Officers ~
NFSS Panel of Judges, 2002
NFSS-Affiliated Clubs/Events

Classifieds
Forms! Club Affiliation/Awards/Bands/Membership +----+---
i8@G3 Finch Shop Catalog if? ~ scan

Journal of the National Finch and Softbill Society

Home Office: 458] Lincoln Road. Macedon, NY 14502 mlauster@rochester.rr.com
http/Awwow.nfss.org,

Publisher: The National Finch and Softbill Society; Editor: Martie Lauster

rial Policy/Dise!
bi-monthly by

The Journal of the National Finch and Softbill Society is pub-
The following deadlines normally apply to all aspects of the

jourmal

Deadlines for Submissions: 1st day of Jan. Mar, May, July, Sep. Nov
Mailed to Subscribers: Ist day of Feb. Apr. Jun, Aug, Oct, Dec

NFSS imentbers are encouraged to submit articles, drawings, and photographs. NFSS reserves
the right to edit and/or reject all editorial, photographic. and advertising materials submitted
for publication to the Journal of the National Finch and Softbill Society. Photographs, when
submitted. shall become the sole property of NFSS and shall be subject to use in any and all
NESS programs. We will return them to you after use if requested

NFSS-affiliated clubs have permission to reprint all articles unless marked, “Al Rights Re-
served”. “Ail Rights Reserved articles require the authors written permission and all
“Reprinted by Permission of” articles require written permission from the originating source.
Opinions expressed in articles and published in the Journal do not necessarily reflect the opin-
ions of the editor, NFSS, or its Board of Directors.

Advertisements in the Journal are not endorsed by NFSS unless stated otherwise. NFSS as-
sumes no responsibility for advertisers’ claims or the quality of their products or services.

©Copyright 1999 The National Finch and Softhill Society

