May Jame, 2002

As of January 1, 2002 a new NFSS Board of Directors took office. The posi-
tion of 3 Vice President and FinchSave Director assembled a FinchSave
Committee to begin working on developing the 2002 fFinchSave Program
Guidelines. The committee consists of the following individuals: Ms. Ginny
Allen, Mr. Harry Bryant, Mr. Roland Cristo, Ms. Carol Heesen, Mr. Vince
Moase and the FSS Director Ms. Kerri McCoy. The committee has chosen to
include softbilis in the title of the organization. Therefore, the FinchSave
Program is officially entitled the Finch and Softbill Save Program.

Definition and Purpose:

The Nationa! Finch and Softbill Society established the FinchSave program
in 1988. Although, thru the years the program requirements have changed
the definition and purpose of the program have not. The long-term goal of
the Finch and Softbill Save program is to establish a consortium of breeders
of finches and softbills dedicated to producing and maintaining a viable cap-
tive bred population of finches and softbills in the United States and Can-
ada. With tbe recent NFSS incorporation of Region 8 - Canada, we have
included Canada in the tong-term goal of the program. The short-term goal
of the pragram is to establish consistent breeding success with participating
species in the United States and Canada.

2002 Program Requirements:

Participants must meet the following requirements in order to participate in
the Finch and Softbill Save program:

¢ Participants must be NFSS members in good standing.

¢ Participants must pay a $15 membership fee annually

¢ Tier One participants must agree to open band all offspring with
appropriate sized open numbered bands.

* Tier Two participants must agree to close band all offspring with
appropriate sized closed bands.

¢ Participants must complete quarterly reports

¢ There is no pair limit requirement at this time

Species Captain Roles:

The 2002 program will continue to incorporate the use of Species Captains.
Species Captains are responsible for gathering information from partici-
pants, getting birds into participants’ hands, monitoring bloodlines, commu-
nicating with participants and assisting participants with any problems that
they may have. They will tie in with the Finch and Softbill Save newsletter.
Individuals interested in being a Species Captain will be responsible (with
the oversight by the Group Manager), in contributing information on their
particular species for the newsletter. Species Captains will need to be pro-
active and work with participants reqistered with the finch or softbill specie
of which they are Captains. Each Species Captain will be responsible for
providing information on their particular bird to put together a species pro-

NESS Finch and Softhill Save Pragram Iuformation
